epic(esl-media): rework commands API, add possibility to restrict play, handle containers (#2942)
exadel-inc/esl: src/modules/esl-media/README.md

    - `audio` type - provided by AudioProvider which renders native HTMLAudioElement
    - `video` type - provided by VideoProvider which renders native HTMLVideoElement
    
    - `youtube` type - provided by YoutubeProvider which renders Youtube video player
    - `brightcove` type - provided by BrightcoveProvider which renders videojs video player (with Brightcove plugin applied)

    - `iframe` type - abstract fallback provider (IframeProvider) which renders native HTMLIFrameElement. Does not support control commands and in pause state excludes iframe from the DOM.
 
#### Custom providers
ESLMedia module provides an ability to add custom media providers.
You should use `BaseProvider` class to create a custom provider.
BaseProvider class requires to implement all abstract methods and properties.
Also note that a custom provider should call following hooks manually
 - `this.component._onReady()` - to notify ESLMedia that provider is ready
 - `this.component._onError()` - to notify ESLMedia that provider is failed to load
 - `this.component._onPlay()` - to notify ESLMedia that provider is started to play

>  - `this.component._onPause()` - to notify ESLMedia that provider is paused

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - `this.component._onPaused()` - to notify ESLMedia that provider is paused
```

 - `this.component._onEnded()` - to notify ESLMedia that provider is ended
 - `this.component._onDetach()` - to notify ESLMedia that provider is detached (in case of custom `unbind` implementation)
During provider binding `this._ready` mixin property should be initialized with Promise.

### ESLMedia supports wide range of initialization and state management features

#### Lazy & Manual loading
ESLMedia supports lazy attribute that provides two modes of custom media loading:
- `auto` - initializes media when it becomes visible in the browser viewport or is in close proximity to it.
- `manual` - blocks media initialization until the attribute is removed manually from the consumer's code.

#### Load condition
ESLMedia supports `load-condition` attribute that restricts loading of media resources based on the given condition.
Attribute uses [ESLMediaQuery](../esl-media-query/README.md) syntax.

#### Play in viewport restriction

> In case of `play-in-viewport` attribute is set, ESLMedia will automatically stop media playback when it is out of the viewport area,

Author: Actually it could work in both cases

and resume playback when it returns to the viewport.

#### Group restriction
ESLMedia supports `group` attribute that restricts the number of active media players in the given group.

#### Container control
ESLMedia supports `ESLToggleable` container state observation.
When the container is opened, the media player with autoplay attribute allowed to be started.
When the container is closed, the media player inside it will be authomatically paused.

#### Initialization hook and instance manager
ESLMedia dispatches `esl:media:before:play` cancelable event in the following cases:
- when the provider requested to play automatically or manually by user
- when the provider initialized with `autoplay` attribute
If `esl:media:before:play` event is canceled, the provider won't start playing.

In addition ESLMedia.property.manager holds `ESLMediaManager` instance (singleton by default) that 
controls all media instances that are referencing the same manager instance.
The `esl:media:managedaction` event could be dispatched on the window to call manager `resume`/`suspend` methods indirectly.

> #### Comands initiator contol
> ESLMedia comands defided to user-related and system-related.
> User-related comands have higher priority and override system-related comands.
> All automatic features like `play-in-viewport` and `autoplay` utilize system-related comands, so manual user interaction will have higher priority.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Commands initiator control
ESLMedia commands divided to user-related and system-related.
User-related commands have higher priority and override system-related commands.
All automatic features like `play-in-viewport` and `autoplay` utilize system-related commands, so manual user interaction will have higher priority.
```

*(note: that feature doesn't work for Abstract Iframe provider, also doesn't work for HTMLAudio and HTMLVideo providers in case when Web-server when hosted resource doesn't support ['Accept-Ranges' HTTP response marker](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/HTTP/Headers/Accept-Ranges))*
 - `focusable` (boolean) - marker that allows the video to be focused by keyboard navigation. By default, the video is focusable if `controls` are enabled.

> #### Deprecated attributes (going to be removed in 5.0.0):

Reviewer 2: `5.1.0` ?

Author: They are already )) Doc was not updated 5.0.0 clenup.
